we can use this approach to solve the problem first
declared a reference variable and move it till the start
index
Now we can logically divide the linked list into three
parts from position
one to start is the part one and from position
start to end is the second part and this is
the sub list that needs to be reversed and from
end to null is the third part
Now let us say the last node of the first
part which will be used later to connect with the
sub list
After the reversal Node
20 will become the last node of the sub list
so we need to save this node as well
So save Node
20 as second part Last node
As of now 20 is the first node of Part
two but after reversal it will become the last node
so that we are saving it as the last node
of the second part
Now reverse the sub list from position start to end
You can use the same linked list reversal logic for
this
If we apply the linked list reversal logic that is
previous current and next node approach after the reversal current
will point to node 60 and previous will point to
node 50
Now our task is almost over
We just need to make some connexions to finish the
logic
First we need to connect the last node of first
part with the starting index of reverse sub list
That is Node
10 with node
We already have the address of node 10 in the
variable first part last node and node
50 in the variable previous
So make first part last node
Next as previous next we need to connect the last node
of reverse sub list with third part
First node that is Node
20 with node 60
We already have the address of node 20 in the
variable second part last node and node 60 in the
variable current
So make second part Last node next as current and
now we have reversed the given sub list and you can apply this logic and solve the problem.